Adding basic examples for metrics (#901)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/metrics.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic examples

> This example will disable all metrics for the default instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example disables all metrics for the default instance:
```

```text
octopus.server metrics --disable
```

> This example will enable tasks metrics on instance MyNewInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example enables tasks metrics on instance `MyNewInstance`:
```
